# Alphafold on NCI GADI 

This repository contains two PBS Pro scripts to run Alphafold in the NCI GADI high-performance computing environment. These scripts facilitate the execution of the data pipeline and subsequent Alphafold modeling.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Scripts Overview](#scripts-overview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Alphafold is a deep learning model designed by DeepMind that predicts protein structures with high accuracy. This repository includes scripts designed to run Alphafold efficiently on the NCI GADI HPC system. The first script runs a data pipeline to produce multiple sequence alignment (MSA) data, which is then used as input for the second script that runs Alphafold.

## Prerequisites

Before using these scripts, ensure you have the following:

- Access to NCI GADI HPC environment
- Alphafold installed on NCI GADI
- PBS Pro installed and configured on NCI GADI
- Access to the yi98 and if89 projects. These projects host databases necessary to run the pippeline

## Scripts Overview

### 1. Data Pipeline Script (`data_pipeline.pbs`)

This script is responsible for generating multiple sequence alignment (MSA) data required by Alphafold.

### 2. Alphafold Execution Script (`alphafold_run.pbs`)

This script uses the MSA data generated by the data pipeline to run Alphafold and predict protein structures.

## Running the data Pipeline

### Step 1: Directory Setup

Copy `data_pipeline.pbs` into a 

